I I
I
[music]
sitting and listening to the song
long like the words of Du from childhood, listening to mother's
dreamy singing, I am intoxicated by life's journey, so far from
mother's embrace, so much bitterness, so much
sadness, mother's words of Du still visit the path of love
[music]
cherishing Du's words, the golden crane echoes back to my
heart, though I will always remember them silently.
Time passes so quickly, Mother's shadow has faded
with the days, now each
wife is in a different
place, so many drops of love have been shared.
Du's words are gone, the dream sighs
[music]
still hopes for
me, a
lifetime of happiness when I smile, peace of mind when I
see me
happy, mother lifted me
up when I fell on the path of
life, even though the sun has faded, even though the wind has
turned sad, even though I have lost my hand and let go, I
gave you all my
love, Du's words still echo all around in my
heart. Du's words will always be remembered
silently. Time passes so quickly, the
flower has faded with the
days, and now each wife is in a different
place, so much love has been shared.
Du's words are gone, the dream sighs
silently.  I wish
you a
lifetime of happiness, my child. When you smile, my heart is at peace.
Seeing you
happy, I have lifted you up
when you fell on the path of
life. Even though the sun has set, even though my hair
has turned gray with sadness, even though my eyes are closed and my hands are sad, I have given
you all my love. I
still wish
you a
lifetime of happiness, my child. When you smile, my heart is at peace.
Seeing you happy, I have lifted you
up when you fell on the path of
life. Even though the sun has set, even though my hair
has turned gray with sadness, even though my eyes are closed and my hands are sad, I have given you all my love. If what I have given you, I have given you, I have given you, even though you fell on the path of life. Even though the sun has set, even though my hair has
turned gray with
sadness, even though my hands are sad, I have given
you all my
love.
[Music]
I sing through the Vu Lan festival, I sing loudly to
greet the Buddha of the ten directions, come
here to participate in the ceremony. I pray for peace in
the world. I
sing loudly to welcome Vu Lan, I sing loudly to
greet the Buddha of the ten directions, let us join
hands to build a temple to preserve the
Buddhist teachings.  The
Buddha Shakyamuni, the Lord of the Saha world, the founder of the
old assembly, Loan Duc, the
first in divine power, to perform the four-fold ritual of
offering green gifts
to the Three Jewels, dedicating this merit
to his mother who has passed away. The child
sings joyfully, welcoming Vu Lan, the child with a pure
heart, truly performing the ritual, earnestly
hoping to save the Venerable Buddha, the Mother of the Ten Directions, from the
smoke of hell and the earth.
[Music] The
child sings joyfully, welcoming Vu Lan, vowing to sing
in greeting to the Buddha, the four directions, all coming together to
participate in the ceremony, praying for
the world to be blessed. The
child sings joyfully, welcoming Vu Lan, singing joyfully,
greeting the Buddha, the four directions, together
building the Three Jewels to preserve the filial piety of the
Buddha Shakyamuni. The Buddha Shakyamuni, the Lord of the Saha world, the founder of the
old assembly, Loan Duc, the
first in divine power, to perform the four-fold ritual of
offering green gifts to the Three Jewels, dedicating this merit to saving
his mother from hell and the
earth. The child sings joyfully, welcoming Vu Lan, the child with a pure heart, dedicating the ritual to the Ten
Directions.  With
heartfelt devotion, I long to save Huyền, the true Phú Nương,
from the realm of suffering. With heartfelt devotion, I
long to save Huyền, the body of Tú, the person who
escaped from the realm of suffering.
With heartfelt devotion, I long to save Huyền, the body of Tú, the person who
Đức Anh Hương Lan respectfully welcomes all Venerable
Monks and Nuns, and esteemed Buddhist followers to the program "Remembering Our Roots," a program produced by the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, practicing the Six Harmonies. I sincerely thank the child singer Cát Viên Áo
Quân, the "Outstanding Child Duet" program,
and the singers and actors from the
Trúc Thanh Club of Hanoi for bringing
us a
very meaningful and impressive cultural program.
Thank you to the singers
[music].
Respectfully addressing the Master, Respectfully addressing the Venerable Monks and Nuns,
Respectfully addressing all esteemed Buddhist followers
and the entire congregation. In the month of B, the
autumn leaves fall golden, the season when humanity celebrates Vu
Lan, remembering the gratitude for our birth and upbringing, my
heart is filled with tears. The
month of B has arrived, the scorching heat of summer
has subsided, replaced by gentle breezes.  The
drizzling rain and the beginning of the
chilly weather stir up a flood of emotions in people's hearts.
At this moment,
we know that another Vu Lan season has arrived in the
Central Plains, the Vu Lan Festival. At the
ancestral temple, amidst the waves of the Great Forest, those
who are indebted to us all wholeheartedly
welcome Vu Lan. Vu Lan not only
reminds each of us to
remember our parents and
their nurturing love, but also
reminds us of our roots, our ancestors, and
is an opportunity to express our deep gratitude to
those who taught us, not only in
this life but in all future lives. The
Buddha taught that filial piety is the heart of the Buddha, and
filial conduct is the conduct of the Buddha. In this spirit of gratitude and
repayment, with the approval of our master and the great monks of
Ba Vang Pagoda, and under the
encouragement of our club leader, tonight,
August 7th,
2019 (corresponding to the 7th day of the 7th lunar month of the Year of the Pig), the Golden Chrysanthemum
Club solemnly organizes a
cultural evening titled "Remembering Our
Roots." We respectfully hope for the blessings of the Buddha.  Reverend
Venerable Monks and Nuns, esteemed delegates, and all the
congregation, we joyfully congratulate you on the
successful completion of this program. Respectfully
addressing our Venerable Master, esteemed Venerable Monks and Nuns,
and
all the esteemed Buddhist followers and congregation, it is truly a great blessing and a
fortunate opportunity for us to respectfully
welcome the Venerable Monks and Nuns of our temple who
have taken the time to grace
and participate in
today's ceremony. We
respectfully bow and introduce the
presence of our Venerable Master Thich
Truc Thai Minh, Abbot of Ma Vang Temple.
Please give a
long and enthusiastic round of applause to welcome him.
Along with that, we
respectfully introduce the Venerable Monks and Nuns of our temple who have joyfully graced this evening's cultural performance with their presence. We
respectfully introduce the Buddhist devotee Pham Thi Yen,
Dharma name Tam Chieu Hoan Quan,
head of the Cuc Vang Club. Please
give
another round of applause. In addition, we would like to
introduce the leaders and deputy leaders of the Cuc Vang Club.  The Dharma centers, the
heads and deputy heads of the committees, thousands of Buddhists
currently active in the club and
studying at Ba Vang Pagoda, along with the
presence of members of the
Youth Club, the Tue Tam Charity Club, the
summer course students, and
all the people of Thap Vuong who are present
in the Dharma center today, once again
we warmly welcome you. Respectfully addressing the Venerable
Master, the
Venerable Monks and Nuns, the distinguished guests
and the entire congregation, to express the
sacred meaning of this ceremony,
today at this time, we respectfully invite the
head of the Quoc Vang Club, practicing the
Six Harmonies, to the stage to deliver the
opening speech. We
respectfully invite her.
[Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo
Vu Lan Duyen Khoi, Great Filial Piety, Mục Kiền Liên Bodhisattva. Respectfully addressing the Venerable Master and the Venerable Monks and Nuns,
and all fellow
practitioners,
from ancient times to the present, filial piety has always been
highly valued and has become the foundation of morality in the
world. When Buddhism was introduced to
Vietnam in the lunar month of the 8th month of each year...  It has
become the Vu Lan Festival, a time for filial piety
for the Vietnamese people throughout the country.
Buddha Shakyamuni, the master
of gods and humans, is a perfect example of filial piety.
He renounced worldly life, practiced asceticism, attained enlightenment,
and brought the path of liberation to his
parents and countless sentient beings, guiding them
to the ultimate shore of happiness.
Respectfully addressing our esteemed masters and
venerable monks, we believe that
without the Buddha's teachings,
we would only know how to love our parents when things go our way.
When things don't go our way, we would be
unfilial because we don't understand the law of karma, the consequences of good and evil deeds, or the
immense grace our
parents bestowed upon us. In this world, we could only
repay our parents with food, clothing, and
care during their illness, but
few could do that
completely. However, through the teachings of the
Buddha's Dharma from our masters and the monks,
our hearts have been nurtured and
strengthened. We have also experienced
happiness from
this filial piety, practicing virtuous deeds to guide
our parents into the path of
liberation and spiritual practice. We have also learned to do
things to...  We wish that our parents from many
past lives and generations, through the merits and
virtues of the Three Jewels, may receive benefit and
happiness. We also hope that the teachings of
filial piety of the Buddha will spread
throughout the world so that all sentient beings may
learn filial piety from his teachings.
In this spirit, over the
past years, the Buddhists in the
Golden Cup Club have been diligently
practicing the Six Harmonies, encouraging each other to cultivate a grateful heart and
repay kindness. Today, our club is pleased to have the Venerable Master and the Sangha allow us to organize a cultural performance titled "Remembering Our Roots," expressing our gratitude to our parents throughout countless lifetimes of birth and death, and our sincere gratitude
to our teachers and mentors who have taught and
guided us in our pursuit of
enlightenment and liberation. Now, with the
permission of the Venerable Master and the Sangha, we
officially begin our "Remembering Our Roots" gratitude performance.
We respectfully
wish our Venerable Master, all the esteemed monks and nuns, the perfect fulfillment of the Buddha's path, and
all fellow practitioners continued diligence and
peace. Namo Great Filial Piety.  Kien Lien Bodhisattva,
Namo Hoan Hi Tang Bodhisattva Maha Bodhisattva
[music]
We respectfully express our gratitude
to the club's leader.
Her opening speech is also an
encouragement for us on the path of cultivating
virtue and learning Buddhism to achieve a peaceful and happy life.
Once again, we
respectfully thank her. Please give
another round of applause to thank
and celebrate the opening speech of the club's
leader. Respectfully addressing the Master, Respectfully
addressing the Venerable Monks and Nuns, Respectfully addressing the entire congregation, For so many
years I have wandered far and wide. I
remember my mother throughout the long nights, yearning for her
nurturing love. Oh, how can I possibly express the immense debt of gratitude for giving
birth to me? My heart
aches. Parents are like that; no words
can fully express the boundless love
of our father and mother. Yet
we are truly blameworthy, sometimes caught up in the whirlwind of
life, chasing after
fame and fortune, because of our youthful folly and
foolishness, we have caused our parents
sadness and sorrow, and all they can do is
silently hide their tears within
us.  We are always preoccupied with searching for, even demanding, the
best things from our parents, the most luxurious material possessions,
but we don't realize that
our most precious treasure is the
love of our father and mother. Dear audience, the
following play, "The Mysterious Inheritance," is a meaningful gift that the "
Remembering Our Roots" program would like to present
to you all. We invite you
all to turn to the stage to
receive this meaningful gift, performed by young Buddhist practitioners
from the Golden Chrysanthemum Club practicing the Six Harmonies.
[Music]
Oh my god, the bustling market is so tiring! [
Music] Oh my god, I'm so tired all alone, I'm going to sleep! [Music]
My fat wife, where is my fat wife?
Oh my god, is that you? You keep criticizing people for being
fat, and you've been using her for decades without getting
tired. Here, I'll tell you to turn around so I can see. Is this
okay? You've gained weight again, haven't you? It's
only two ounces, and you still notice!
Oh my god, this woman is still the same after all these years!
Help me!  Let's see, I just pushed her
a little bit and she fell. I know,
I won't call her fat anymore. I'm
afraid she's born in the year of the Monkey. What else? Hey,
fat woman!
How was business today? Oh my god, come here, come here, come
here, let me tell you! Oh my god,
going to the market was so funny,
sir. Today I went to the market and met a customer who was
incredibly rude. I told them I was selling guavas for
20,000 a kilo, and they kept
haggling. Look, they haggled for 40,000 for two
kilos! Who could sell that? So rude, right,
sir? Yes, that's right, ma'am. You're the
rude one, why would you say that?
They're right, aren't they? Okay, let
me go in here, I'll get you something. Oh,
where are you going? Get what? I'll get you something that
suits you very well, ma'am. What is it? I don't
know.
Let me see. Salt cures stupidity, cures all kinds of stupidity. Let me see if it suits you.
Hey! This guy is just joking! Sit
down here, I'll tell you to open your mouth.  No, I was just
joking. I've been in business for
ten years, how could I not know?
I'm so sleepy, sing me a lullaby to help me
sleep. It's late, fatty, go to sleep.
May beautiful dreams always be
with you, fatty. Sleep well to the lullaby. The
moon is waiting for you, flying into your dreams.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, good night, fatty. Sister
Huyen, fatty,
Sister Huyen, oh my god! So, I've been
dreaming all this time? Why are you sleeping
outside like this? Oh my god, it's Mr. Quyen!
You've come to visit? Yes, I
know today is the first anniversary of your husband's death,
so I brought some cakes
to offer. Your husband is here. Oh, how did you know? Oh my god,
there are only a few families in this poor neighborhood, we should care for each other. Oh, you're so...
but I see your wife is
more swollen now. Why don't you get treatment for liver disease? Oh my god, she's all alone, sir. Okay, let
me put it on the table to help your wife with the offering. Your husband, okay? Okay, let me
put it on the table to help your wife with the offering.
Okay, let me put it down, let me pour some wine.
Sir, I'm here.  The neighbors are lighting
incense for him here. That's how neighbors help
each other in times of need, that's how it is in the countryside. And then, my dear, you
're my neighbor. Today is the
first anniversary of your death, so I have
a plate of cakes to offer to your wife. Well,
I'll offer you a drink, okay?
Now, it's my wife's turn. I'll offer you
a little drink. No, no, I don't know how to drink. I don't know how to
drink alcohol, sir. You can
drink... no, no, I can't drink
alcohol. You can drink just one glass. Mom,
what are you doing? Oh, my son, you're home! My dear,
my son, my
chubby, round, white-skinned son!
He just started working. He's been
working in the city for several years now and just
came back to visit me. Hello, sir. Hello, no, no, no, no,
introduce yourself. Oh,
son! This is our new neighbor, just to
help Mom out.
Help with what? Mom, I'm old now, don't let the neighbors
look at
us and curse us, it'll be so embarrassing.  "Mom, oh
my, don't say that! Dad only died a
year ago, what are you doing, Mom?
Don't say that, son!
Brother, and you, and that man too! What am I doing
here? Are you a neighbor? Can't you see?
People live in
this empty shack, and you come over here every day?
What are you doing here? I... I...
I came to help your mother. Your mother is very weak. I... I
came here to help her. What can
you do to help her? No,
nothing. I came to help with
things I can't help her with.
Oh my, son, I'm telling you one
last time, son, never ever
stay in this house again! I
beg you, son... Oh, no, no, no, that's it.
Goodbye, son. I'm going home,
sister. I'm sorry, sir. No, no. It's nothing.
Maybe she's just been in the
city a lot, she's just straightforward.
I'm sorry, sir. Please
understand me. Oh my god, son! Oh my god,
Dad just died!
Dad just died!"  Just one year, and you've already pulled
such a stunt, Mom! What have you done?
Now you're all alone
in this house, while I've been away at sea
for years, never coming home. But when the
lights are out like this, who's there to help
you? Today is your father's death anniversary, people are coming to help you. Your
father came home, and you're doing this, you child!
What do you think this house has that would make me want to come back? Because of whom did I
have to go to the city alone to build my
career? Because of your father? And you're still asking me
that question? It's you! You're the one who
abandoned your father and mother five years ago, and even on the day your father
died, you didn't come back to see him one
last time. Because of whom? Because of you? Because of
whom? Why wasn't I born into
a rich family?
Why did I have to be born into
such a poor family? I want
a place in society, I have to
struggle. And you, look at yourself,
what have you done for me?
Oh, your father is gone, you shouldn't say
that. It's me, Mom. It's me, your mother,
since you...  "What have you done
for me since I was born, my child? Listen to what your mother says. Your parents are
poor, but they
tried their best to provide you with a good meal
so you could go hungry and without clothes.
Being rich in money and possessions doesn't
mean you're truly rich. It's our family that's
rich in love and kindness that's truly precious. Being rich in
love and kindness alone won't allow
you to live off it. Remember
that, you haven't done anything for me." And I
know that during the time I was in
the city trying to build my career, you did
a lot for me, so I won't say anything
more. "What's that?" My father
sent me a letter before he passed away.
When I read it,
at least I knew he could
still provide for me a little. In
that letter, he said he would leave me
an inheritance before I went to start my career. He said he would leave me some
money before I left to build my career.
He thought he would leave
this inheritance for me to take care of my future,
but now my company is going
downhill, so I need this money.
Please give it to me."  "Give me back that inheritance, son.
No, son. Maybe your father was
seriously ill or something. All the
money you had was taken to the city to start a new
life. Whatever your parents saved up, they
used it all to pay for your father's
illness, and then your mother took care of your father's funeral. My son, my
son, maybe your father was mistaken at that time. There's
no
money, no assets at all. You're
hiding it? No,
I demand that you return all the assets
that your father left me. Don't you dare
take them outside, understand? Father,
don't you dare leave me in this sun! Your father didn't leave
anything behind, son.
Your mother has sacrificed her whole life
for you, what more do you want?
Look at this dilapidated house,
you sleep in the dry places, and your mother rolls around in the wet ones. How
many hours of hardship has this? Why ca
n't you think of the inheritance? Where did you get it from?
You don't have any,
sir. Why did you
get this document? Why did you write
this document, sir?"  "Where did the wealth come from, son? There's
no wealth at all, son. No
wealth at all. That's right. Light incense
for your father, son. I'll tell you something,
I only want to light incense for one person.
I don't want to light incense
for two
people at the same time. Mother, you don't recognize me anymore,
Cuong."
A chubby little boy still clinging to his
mother's legs said, "Mom, where are you going? Let me go
with you. I love you all my life." "
Mom, sing to me, lull me to sleep."
Now that image is gone. Now
I don't care about those things anymore. You've
changed too much, son.
Oh, I don't know what to do
now. That's all. Now, your father is here. This poem is
here. Talk to your father, explain it to him. I do
n't know what to do
now. I don't want to talk to you anymore.
Don't let the neighbors look at us and
say I'm a disrespectful son. Do you
understand, husband? I don't believe it, I
don't believe this is my son Cuong
anymore, husband. I don't believe it, I don't believe it.
[Music]
This cup is for
you. In this house, no
one cares about me.  As a person, I hate. I
hate. I will never return to
this house again. Don't turn this way.
[Music]
Oh, sir, Lam Lam left me and you like this before, and
now she's leaving me like this too. Oh,
sir, oh,
sir, what did I do to deserve this suffering? Oh,
sir, have you called me yet? What did I do to deserve
this painful retribution? Oh,
sir,
Cuong,
Cuong, where are you? Cuong,
Cuong, come back to your mother, my child!
I have to find my child!
Cuong!
Everyone! Has anyone seen
my child anywhere? Has anyone seen my child? My
child!
I have to find my child!
[Music]
With the hope of getting rich to gain a foothold
in society, Cuong continued to go to the
city and rebuild his career. Now
he has become a very successful person.  He achieved success,
but it seems that a life of wealth
did not bring him
any happiness because his family was not
completely happy. 15 years later
[music]
Why aren't you going to
school today? Dad told me, what are you doing? I'm going to
school. I want to go to school again. Do you
know that the teacher called Dad and said
this? You're skipping school so much, aren't you? You're so disrespectful!
You're partying and hanging out with bad friends, you're
taking your parents' money out, you're gambling and
betting. This disrespectful guy is
nothing. Look at
yourself, you think your glorious past is something
no one knows. You have a brother, you get out of
here. I don't
need to chase you away, I'll leave myself. You
disrespectful brat.
[music]
Why are you here?
I welcome
people like you here. If it weren't for me, you
two would be very happy together.
If it weren't for me, you two would be
very happy. Mấm, that's the fortune you have,
old man.  I left it to you two, wasn't that
enough to live comfortably for the rest of your lives? She
said, "You came here to apologize to me." I
never did.
Today, my purpose in coming here is
to give you this, and then I'll
leave immediately. This is a memento from your father
before he passed away. He gave it to me and
said that
I had to give it to you myself. I've wanted to give it to you for
years, but you weren't home. Now
I finally have the chance to meet you.
Take
it. I've said everything I needed to say.
Goodbye.
Also, your mother is very ill now.
I hope you can
visit her one last time before it's too late.
Goodbye.
Is
this really the inheritance your father
left you?
[Music]
Cuong, when you read
these words, your father will probably no longer be alive.
The day you left your parents to become independent in the city, your
parents suffered so much. Your parents
suffered because they couldn't give you
a comfortable life, couldn't protect and
care for you during your lifetime.  Later in life,
because my son has truly grown
up and no longer needs his parents by his side, I am
heartbroken. But what hurts me most
is your mother. Do
you remember the letter I sent you, where I
said I was leaving you an inheritance? The
inheritance I left you is your mother. Actually,
she's not your biological mother. She
was a girl who sold male prostitutes.
I happened to help her a long time ago, and then she came to live
with me. Your mother passed away when
you were just born. From a young age, she took care of
you and looked after you until you grew up.
Perhaps the love I have
for you can't compare to
hers. If someone who isn't your biological mother
loves you as if you were her
own child, isn't that a
huge inheritance? Cherish and
protect that inheritance, my son. I miss you
so much. [Music] [Music] No one is [Music] [Music] Is it true that I am a heartless child?
[Music] ...
My mother always asks me, "When are you coming
home? I'll be waiting for you for dinner." She
worries about the sun and rain, about working hard when she's
sick or
busy. She often thinks of me as a child, even though
I'm grown up and mature, I don't need her
care anymore, I don't want her to keep looking after me.
When are you coming home? Are you going out?
Do you want anything to eat? I'll cook
for you. She keeps asking me like that every day,
and I'm thoughtless, forgetting that my mother is waiting, that
she's waiting. Remember to
come home for dinner,
son. Now who will send
those messages so that I can still think every day that I'm coming home?
[Music] Mom, Mom, I'm coming home to you, I'm coming home to you. [Applause]
[Music] Oh my God! Oh my God! I
don't know where Cuong is right now. I
don't know if he's married or has children yet.
Cuong, where are you? Why are
n't you coming home to your mother? Cuong, I'm
sorry I couldn't give you a
comfortable life like everyone else, making you
go far away, making you resent your
parents. Oh my God, if you're wise in life and sacred in death, please
let me come home to you, oh my God!
Then I will die with my eyes wide open,
sir
[music]
Mother,
mother, I'm
coming home to you. I'm coming home to you,
mother.
[music]
My son is home
now. My son, just sit still like this, okay? For
decades, only now can I hold
you in my
arms. Just sit still like this so I
can protect you, so I can take care of
you for your whole life. Mother, I'm
sorry, only now do I realize that the
greatest treasure that father left for me is you,
not
Mother.
[music] [
Applause]
The bridge, the Dong
Dinh bridge, the swaying bamboo bridge [
music] is difficult to cross. Difficult to cross,
mother leads me. I go to
school
[music]
Mother goes to
school
[music] [
Applause]
life. I would like to thank the young actors
of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club for
their performance. Please give
another big round of applause to
our actors, okay? Yes, the
play is also a wake-up call.
All of us must always  We should
cherish what we have, especially
our parents, a priceless treasure. Do
you all agree with us?
Respectfully addressing our Master, Venerable Monks and Nuns, and
all the
congregation, the month of B evokes feelings of longing for our fathers, a time to repay their
nurturing kindness. The Vu Lan festival brings
memories of mothers, a time to express gratitude for their birth and upbringing. From time immemorial, the love and
gratitude of parents have always been the
most beautiful and precious love for every human being. The
month of B, the Vu Lan festival of filial piety, has become a
beautiful cultural tradition, not only for
Buddhists but also a beautiful moral value
of our nation. Following this
program, we invite the entire
congregation to enjoy the song "My Mother,"
a composition by musician Tran Tien,
sung by Mai Trang, a student of the
2019 summer retreat,
along with a dance performance from the Ba Vang Youth Club, choreographed by Ngoc
Linh. This
is also a gift from the organizing committee
to all
parents currently living in this world. We
respectfully invite the entire congregation to
enjoy
[music].
Hello, is that Sang? Is that you, Sang? Yes, it's me, Mom.
How did you know I was calling and
answer so quickly? I told you the other day that
I'd call you at this time, and you've been waiting for me
for so long. Yes, Mom. How are you doing at home? Yes, I'm doing very
well. How are you doing? I'm doing very well here, Mom. Hearing that you're well makes me feel well too.
Yes, remember to take
care of your health, I'm very worried about you children. Don't
work too hard or you'll
get sick. Yes, I found a really good job here.
So Mom, don't worry about me. I work in a house with a very high floor, and my office is protected from the sun and rain. It's great, Mom! What's wrong?
Mom, I'm fine, son. I just choked on
some water, it's nothing. Don't
worry. Are you bringing the children home to visit me this Tet holiday?
My work here is
very busy, Mom. And the holidays in
Vietnam are different from here.  No,
Mom. So, I guess this year,
Ba and I won't be able to come home for Tet with you.
Don't be sad, Mom. Okay then, you
two try to take care of your
health. If you can't come home this year, then let's do it next
year, okay? Mom's
calling now. Mom says goodbye, Mom. Mom, remember to take care of your
health, Mom.
[Music]
Which mountain is as high as the mountain that grows every meter?
Which water scolds like the water scolds?
Mom loves you so much, day after
day, so that you grow up,
so that you don't
leave Mom.
[Music]
My mother sits here, remembering
her child, reminding me of my
second son, remembering Hoa Tham B. [
Music]
Has the young child returned yet? The world of the village, the
craft, the world of the language, Mom learns from the
old man, oh oh, the language for the summer. Night
after night, Mom still sings lullabies.
[Music] My child,
Mom stands by the clock, this afternoon, playing
Phuong
N, remembering and missing you so much. Every night, Mom scolds,
sad, Thien scolds, sad, Thien's heart lives
far away, pain, waiting, the eyes of Phi Ma Dang,
Phuong Gi, come back here, I miss Mom so much, I miss
Mom so much.
[Music]
My mother still sits
here, she remembers
her child, she sends messages to her
second son, she remembers him.
[Music] Has
the child returned yet? Has he returned to his hometown?
Oh, oh, mother, he is lying down, oh, oh, the
sound of the jack.
Summer night, night after night, the sound of mother still shouting,
mother standing by the river this afternoon, letting the
wind blow. Phuong is full,
remembering and missing her child so much, scolding mother,
sad
heart, living far away, pain, waiting. Song has
Phi,
now Phuong is back here, remembering mother
more, loving mother, child is sad, suffering, far away, lost in love.
He remembers mother,
heartbroken, mother, child is sad, suffering,
far away, lost in love, remembering, lost in love.
[Music]
Thank you to child singer Mai Trang, a
student of the 2019 summer course at Ba Vang,
and the
very special dance performance by the members of the
Ba Vang Youth Club. Once again,
please give a big round of applause
to thank the audience for the very touching performance.
Respectfully, to the Venerable Elders. Respectfully, to the
entire audience at the Ba Vang educational institution.
Life is full of wisdom and wisdom, and I think the gratitude I owe my
teacher is impossible to repay in a thousand lifetimes. My mother gave birth to me, my father raised me. That gratitude is immeasurable, and no words or ink can express it. But the gratitude for his guidance is even greater, for our esteemed teachers are messengers of the Tathagata, guiding
us on the path to
liberation from the cycle of birth
and death. In today's "Remembering Our Roots" program, besides the songs and prayers offered to our parents, we also dedicate a
special expression of gratitude to another
very special person: our
teacher, the one who gave us life and taught us the
Dharma of the Tathagata. And
now, we invite our teacher, the monks,
and the entire congregation to the song "The
Boundless Love of a Teacher," performed by the
young singer Diệu Ly.
Please give the young singer a
big round of applause!
[Music]
Nam Mô Thích Ca Mâu Ni Phật. The Buddha's boundless love, the
Buddha's teachings, the Buddha's guidance, my
steps on the path of life are like a fleeting
cloud, my heart dark in the long
night, my
teacher.  Standing still,
waiting, the dazzling light around me,
bewildered, I teach you to escape the darkness of life. I have a
place of refuge, Buddha, for eternity I
worship you, my teacher, like a peaceful tree,
letting me love the color
green, returning to a peaceful place, leaving behind
bitterness. The tree of refuge, life is joyful with a pure heart, I
will follow you for eternity.
[Music] My
teacher, though old and frail, remains unchanged.
Seeing the cold winter days, bones fall all over the courtyard,
flowers still bloom, the temple still sings joyful songs.
[Music] [
Applause]
[Music] My
teacher has passed away to
heaven, my boat crosses the river of suffering. My
teacher guides me through life, no matter
how many words are spoken, the path is still full of gratitude.
[Music]
From the moment I came to you, my
heart is like a bird
flying in the sky. This path of liberation, this sacred ladder, I pray
throughout the night to create more merit. My hope
for
eternity, your words resound
everywhere, a ray of sunshine for people's hearts, so that people
know how to love each other, so that there are still so many
smiles. Teacher, how can I express it?
Your love is like clouds turning into
rain, boundless compassion, so that I live in
unexpected joy, a
great happiness I have never experienced.
[Music] I
beg  Thank you for the wonderful singing performance
by little Ly, and as we have just begun,
little Ly is only 9 years old this year.
I respectfully request the congregation to give a
big round of applause to thank you for this
very sweet performance, a tribute from
us disciples to our
Master. Respectfully, Master, we are
truly fortunate to be nestled amidst the radiant light of the
Buddhas of the Ten Directions,
relying on you to practice
virtuous deeds. Thanks to you, we,
your disciples, are gradually growing up in the
shared home of Ba Vang Temple. From ancient times, the sages
taught that parents give birth to our bodies, but our
teachers bestow wisdom and life. Although you did not
give birth to us, we
understand that from you we have
inherited the precious talents left by the Buddha. You have been, are,
and will forever be a
shining example for us to reflect upon
ourselves, to constantly cultivate our karma, and gradually, with sincere hearts,
we respectfully invite you to grace this place with your presence so that we, your lay disciples,
may express our
gratitude for your merits.
We respectfully invite the
head of the Golden
Chrysanthemum Club, practicing the Six Harmonies, along with the heads and deputy heads of the various Dharma centers and
committees, to the stage to express our gratitude
to our master. We
respectfully invite the entire congregation to
give a loud round of applause
and turn towards the center to respectfully invite our
master to witness this ceremony.
[Music]
Yes, sir. I invite the congregation to give a long,
loud round of applause and
raise their arms high.
[Music]
We respectfully invite the head of the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, practicing the Six Harmonies, along with the heads and deputy heads of the various Dharma centers and
committees,
to the stage to express our
gratitude to our master.
[Music] I
also respectfully invite the congregation to come to the stage to offer our gratitude
to our master.
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music
]
B
[Music]
ch [Music]  [
Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully bow to our Master and all Venerable Monks and Nuns. We, the Buddhist followers, humbly offer our gratitude and thanks.
[Music]
[Music] Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni. We respectfully
bow to our Master and all Venerable Monks and Nuns.
Following the request of the
Buddhist followers, today, the Golden Chrysanthemum Club,
practicing the Six Harmonies, is organizing a
cultural evening to remember our roots and
express our gratitude to our parents
in this life, as well as our parents, grandparents,
ancestors, and forefathers of many generations and lifetimes. We
also
express our gratitude to our Master on the occasion of the
20th anniversary of his ordination. We respectfully say to our
Master, we have been
taught
that parents give birth to us, our flesh and blood, and our
teachers nurture us with great effort.
That gratitude is so profound and difficult to repay,
even throughout a lifetime we cannot fully repay it. We respectfully say to our
Master, our
parents gave birth to us and raised us.
That gratitude is as vast and boundless as the
sky and the
sea. Our parents are the source of
our being.
The teachings are even more immense
because the Dharma that our masters
impart is the immortal Dharma of the
Buddha. Our masters have taught and guided us to
become virtuous people,
filial and righteous children, Buddhists who
benefit the masses, opening for
us the path to liberation.
This is the karmic cause for us to achieve enlightenment in the future; it is the
source that ends the cycle of birth, death, and suffering, the
abode of happiness. I respectfully address our masters.
The aspiration to become a Bodhisattva and to
become a monk with the vow of
liberation is a supreme karmic cause that
leads us into the
Buddha's teachings and allows us to practice the
liberation methods to develop Bodhisattva-mind for the
benefit of sentient beings. Bodhisattvas must
cultivate great virtues and practice patience
to strive diligently. I respectfully address our masters, the Buddhists
in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club practicing the Six Harmonies, and the
Buddhists of Ba
Vang Temple in general, through the events of early 2019
at Ba Vang Temple, where we
witnessed firsthand how our masters protected the community and helped the
Buddhists overcome obstacles.  Through countless
trials and tribulations, facing
slander, distortion, and sabotage from evil heretics, our
master still protected and sheltered us, allowing
us to practice peacefully. Not only that, but he
also allowed us to experience the Dharma of
Patience, which helped us cultivate
Bodhi Mind and diligently pursue Bodhi.
Because of our master's vast vow to spread
the Light of the Buddha Dharma to all
beings, he overcame the
challenges of evil heretics to preserve the
Buddha Dharma and benefit all sentient beings. Truly,
witnessing and feeling what our
master practiced—the virtue of Patience—we
believe that only with the merit of Bodhi could one
overcome such obstacles. Through this,
we have somewhat understood the virtue of the
Buddha and the Sangha when they were harmed by the evil
of Devadatta and King Ajatashatru. Our
master's merit has restored
our faith in the
Buddha, giving us
reverence for him and his teachings. Our
master is the one who has accomplished
all our merits.
Now, as Buddhist practitioners in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, we are
practicing the Sixfold Path.  We
respectfully vow to practice diligently to express our gratitude for the
merits of our teacher. We vow to always strive diligently, always follow our
teacher's teachings, study the Dharma, uphold the precepts,
benefit ourselves,
benefit others, cultivate
Bodhicitta, protect the Three Jewels,
spread the Dharma throughout the
world. Respectfully, we, the Buddhist followers
of the club, respectfully request
our guidance. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni.
[Music]
Nun, please put down the offerings so it's not too
heavy to carry. Maybe everyone can sit down.
Teacher, please let everyone sit down so it's not too hard to kneel. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. Namo
Great Filial Piety Mục Kiều Liên Bodhisattva. Respectfully, to all the elders, gentlemen,
ladies, and
all the esteemed
Buddhist followers, today the teacher and the monks are very
happy and deeply
moved by the
hearts of the Buddhist followers
in the Golden Cup Club practicing the Six Harmonies, the
Youth Club.  Together with the Dharma centers
of Ba Vang Pagoda,
on the occasion of the Vu Lan Festival in July, we organized a
cultural evening to
remember our roots and express our
gratitude to our parents who raised and
nurtured us. In addition,
this evening's cultural event also serves to express our
gratitude to the teacher and the monks
of the
pagoda who have guided the
Buddhist followers on the path of Dharma, following in the footsteps
of the
Buddha. Through the performances
offered by the club, the teacher
witnessed the sincere and filial devotion
of all the Buddhist
followers. The performances were so moving that the
teacher couldn't hold back his tears.
It can be said that the Buddhist followers practiced
with all their
hearts, offering these very
special performances to the monks and the
congregation.
On behalf of the leaders of the Dharma
centers in the club and the
pagoda's Dharma centers, we offered words of gratitude
to the
teacher. The teacher was deeply
moved by these profound and meaningful words.
He is very
grateful for the precious and respectful hearts of the Buddhist followers.
As the abbot, on behalf of the
monks and nuns of the temple, I have a few words for the esteemed Buddhist followers and the
congregation. We know that the Vu Lan festival
has become a beautiful
tradition of Vietnamese Buddhism, and now it
has become a tradition of the
Vietnamese people
regarding filial piety.
This filial piety is something we
must preserve and
promote because
filial piety is the source of all good things.
We
know that the Buddha taught that this Dharma realm is a complex web of causes and
conditions; all things depend
on each other to form. No one, no
event, no object can exist outside of
these causes and conditions. This
is called the
Dharma realm of causes and conditions, and that is the source of filial piety. We are born into this world through the causes and
conditions from our parents. Our parents, in turn, have the causes and conditions
from our grandparents, and so on. It is
through these causes and conditions that we are
formed into human beings. Only with
this body can we practice the Dharma to
attain enlightenment and liberation.
Therefore, the Dharma realm of causes and conditions is the
essence and nature of filial piety. Filial piety
is the root of this.  That is gratitude, that is
remembering the source of the water we drink. We
cannot boast that we have achieved
success on our own without needing
anyone
else. In Confucianism, they also
teach that Heaven and Earth are in harmony, and that
we are all living under the same
sky and earth, so we must know how to be
grateful to each other, how to love each other.
Especially our parents, whose contributions are
immeasurable in giving us
life. The profound meaning of filial piety is a great virtue, a very important principle. In concrete terms, it means showing gratitude to our parents. Before knowing Buddhism, when we lived in this world, we had parents, and we had to cultivate filial piety first.
And today, in
this gratitude ceremony, I sincerely
hope that all Buddhists will
practice filial piety towards their parents in the most immediate way.
We must cherish and love
our parents
because I think filial piety is vast and boundless, and if it's
too vast, Buddhists
won't fully understand or practice it.
But I really want something very
specific: that Buddhists, through each Vu Lan season, deeply understand and practice filial
piety towards
their parents. First, we must know how to love and
respect our parents
because there is only one parent in the world.
Parents are
unique. I've had Buddhists confide
in me, saying that after their parents passed away, they
couldn't find them anymore, and they felt
so much regret when their parents were sick and they could
n't go home to take care of them. They felt so much regret
when their parents passed away.
So, filial piety right at home means being
filial to one's parents. Buddhists must
practice it immediately, think of ways to cherish their
parents and help them
walk the path of
Buddhism. That's what I think is the
most practical thing. Whoever loves and respects
their parents will understand filial piety and
will have a connection with the true
Dharma. That's a very practical thing, just like
me. I also think that I must have practiced
filial piety in many lifetimes.  In
this life, I was born with the
name Hieu, and when I became a monk, I
carried this filial heart with me to
repay the debt of gratitude for my parents' upbringing.
In Buddhism, I see that filial piety is even
greater.
But that great filial piety must
begin with filial piety towards one
's own parents.
Therefore, I sincerely hope that all of
us Buddhists will be the
most exemplary examples of filial piety in our families, neighborhoods, and villages,
towards our parents.
True filial piety means remembering the immense debt of gratitude we owe
our parents for giving us life and raising us. The
love of our parents is like the very thing that the
children in the club just
performed showed us: the strength and
love we have for our parents
will be the seed that will sprout into Bodhi
mind.
Because when this seed is connected
to the Dharma, it will transform into Bodhi mind.
Therefore, in today's gratitude ceremony, the
most practical thing I hope for is that
all monks, nuns, and Buddhists will
light the candle of filial piety in
their hearts. Be filial to your parents in
this life first and foremost.  We must cultivate
this feeling towards
our parents, truly cherish and respect them.
We must give birth to this love,
not just
superficially, with gifts and offerings. It must
come from the depths of our hearts, a heart of filial
piety and love for our parents. That's why the
Buddha
taught that in the Age of Decline, even without a Buddha, we
have two Buddhas in our homes. If Buddhists
cannot show filial piety to their parents, it is
difficult for them to become good Buddhists,
difficult for them to become
filial to their
teachers. Therefore, filial piety is boundless,
but it begins right in
our families, with our parents.
Those who still have parents must
practice filial piety today. If parents have passed away, we
must cultivate merit and perform good deeds, dedicating the
merits to them. If
parents are still alive, we must show filial piety
as the Buddha taught: we must
help our parents take refuge in the Three Jewels, uphold the
precepts of the Buddha, guide them in
cultivating virtuous practices, teach them to be
greedy, to be generous, and to
practice the Buddha's teachings.  Listening to the
Dharma like this, we are fulfilling our filial duty
to our parents. I sincerely hope that
through each Vu Lan festival,
we Buddhists will light the flame of filial piety, just
like the ones you are holding in your hands.
We must know how to love and respect our parents.
I also think the same way.
My parents are almost 90 years old this year, and there have been times when I was
bedridden. I think
I'm too busy with many things and haven't been able to
visit them. What if today
is the last time I see them? That's
why, Buddhists, if your parents are still
alive, you must think of ways to repay them and
show filial piety. I believe that whoever loves and respects their parents will encounter the true Dharma, persevere in the true Dharma, and truly develop Bodhicitta, just like me. Because I deeply love and respect my parents, and upon learning the Dharma, I
see all sentient beings as
my parents from many lifetimes. Therefore,
loving my parents in this life also means
loving my parents from many past lives. Thus,
I
hope that through today's Vu Lan festival,
Buddhists will begin practicing filial piety
towards their parents.  From
my humble home, the Bodhi seed has sprouted,
blossomed, and borne fruit. The Master
wishes the congregation
always to be diligent in Bodhi, always to practice filial piety, and to forever let
our filial hearts blossom and bear fruit.
May the congregation live in peace and joy,
in the heart of
filial piety. May the Buddhas, Amitabha Buddha, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. I respectfully address the
Master and all the Venerable Monks and Nuns. Through the Master's teachings,
all of us Buddhists here,
even those of us aged 70 or 80,
realize
that in
this very life we ​​have made many mistakes with our
parents. Our parents have passed away, and we
don't know where to find them to
repent, to apologize, or to
care for them when they are
sick. But when our parents were
alive and
ill, we truly
didn't understand the
Master's teachings.
For those of us whose parents
have passed away, the Master's teachings remain.
For us in
this lifetime, we have been so unfortunate to have not
received this blessing while our parents were still alive.
Today, before our Master and all the Venerable Monks, Nuns, and Buddhist followers
in
our club, we sincerely repent
to all our parents from countless
lifetimes of birth and death until now. We have committed
unfilial acts that have
caused our parents
sorrow and
suffering. We also
vow that from now until countless lifetimes to come,
wherever we are born, we
will become filial children. For Buddhist followers whose
parents have passed away, we will
encourage each other to treat each other's
parents as
our own, to treat the parents of fellow practitioners as
our own parents, and we vow to rely on the grace
of fellow practitioners to care for our parents. We
send this heartfelt devotion to our parents in the past, so that in
countless lifetimes to
come we may know how to practice filial piety. We humbly present this to our
Master and the Great Sangha to
witness our repentance
and vow. Respectfully, we, the
Buddhist followers in
our club, sincerely express our gratitude to our
Master for bestowing this blessing upon us.  We, your disciples, have received
invaluable teachings
that have transformed
us, marking a turning point
on our path to
Supreme Enlightenment.
We respectfully follow your teachings and
instructions. Today, in this ceremony of gratitude to the
Buddhists in our club, we
respectfully offer our offerings to you, our esteemed master,
hoping you will
witness and graciously accept them, granting us your blessings and merits.
Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni.
We respectfully wish you good health, ever-shining wisdom, and perfect
enlightenment. May you remain in this world for a long time
so that we, your Buddhist disciples, may follow your path of
practice. Now, we
respectfully bow our heads in gratitude to the Three
Jewels and to our master. Three bows. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
[
Music] The disciples stand up. We respectfully offer our offerings and respectfully request that you grant us peace and prosperity. [Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Respectfully addressing our esteemed master, today
we are here to express our gratitude to our parents.
Furthermore,
we have the honor of paying our respects to our master,
listening to his teachings. We sincerely repent of our
sins of disrespect and disloyalty towards
our master, and we vow to faithfully follow his teachings,
diligently cultivating the
three minds of reverence, obedience, gratitude, and virtue, wisdom, and
morality to repay his kindness.
Once again, we
respectfully express our gratitude for our master's merits. We
respectfully invite our master to return to his seat. We also invite the head of the club
and the Buddhists to return to their
seats so that we may continue the
program.
[Music]
Please give a
big and long round of applause to express our gratitude for our
master's merits and to rejoice in the offerings
of the Golden Club.
[Music]
We respectfully inform our master that he has
nurtured us not only through language and written scriptures,
precepts, and lineage,
but also through his gentle gaze, his awakened smile, and the soothing of our afflictions.
These things also strengthen our faith in the
Dharma of the Buddha.  Our master, you have grown stronger and
stronger, Master, you have
given us warmth,
nurtured us with the milk of Bodhi, and
bestowed upon us sources of
energy and peace on every path
we walk.
We vow to engrave your grace in our hearts for a lifetime, and
today we wish to offer you a
profoundly meaningful spiritual gift,
a gift built upon the
collective spirit of all of us.
Following this is a dance of gratitude to our Master, with
shimmering candlelight and the
performance of all the Buddhists present at the
ceremony. Today, we respectfully begin
[music].
We respectfully invite the entire congregation
to turn towards our
Master, gazing at the bright stars,
remembering to illuminate the
night sky. We sit in meditation under the
wondrous Heavenly Palace. Oh, the sweet moonlight embraces us, the moon shines upon us,
illuminating the
night sky. Our footsteps are gentle, leading us back to our
source, for the world, our faith always shines
brightly.
[music] We
remember your grace, Master, each
day we take steps in the village of
Dharma.  Every
day, I vow to live with a
heart full of love, nurturing compassion and understanding, guiding
others to the realm of
kings, with a smile that lasts forever. The night
unfolds like moonlight, resting in the
darkness.
[Music]
I see the myriad changes, the countless things, together we shine the light of
the night, the child
sits in meditation under the
wondrous Heavenly Palace. Oh, sweet moonlight, you
embrace
me, I see the bright moon, the countless things,
together we shine the light of the night, the
precious teacher gently guides me back to
the source, giving the world ever-bright faith.
Remembering my teacher every
day, I live in the light of the Dharma.
[Music] I
remember my teacher every
day. I vow to live with a
heart full of love, nurturing compassion and understanding,
giving to all directions, with a
smile that lasts forever.
Life is like moonlight shining on people in the darkness.
[Music]
I remember my teacher every
day, I live in the
Dharma, remembering my teacher every day, with the
power of the river. With a heart full of
love, a great layer of compassion,
understanding, guiding others to the realm of
kings, with a smile that lasts forever. Beautiful
life like...  The moon shines brightly in
the
darkness, stepping into a smile that lasts through the night,
life's journey like the moon's reflection in the
bundle
[music].
Master, thank you to all the Buddhists for
offering the Master such a meaningful song. The
Master also wishes to
be a
part of the moonlight, so that everyone may be
refreshed and bathed in the moonlight
of wisdom, peace, and liberation. Once
again, the Master thanks all the Buddhists, the
beloved disciples of the Master. Namo Great Compassionate
Bodhisattva. I respectfully
address the Master. The song just performed
may be very familiar in
our temple, but this
performance was perhaps the most impressive
because of the contributions of the entire congregation
through the song and dance.
Once again, we respectfully express our gratitude for the
Master's merits. We pledge to
repay the
Master's kindness with true learning and true practice.
We also respectfully invite the congregation to return to the
stage to continue the program and to
look forward to the program's ending.  Our roots
are further deepened.
We now invite everyone to
listen to the song "The Way of Being a Child,"
performed by young people from the
Three Golden Youth Club, accompanied by the male dancers.
Please give a big round of applause
to welcome this performance!
[Applause]
[Music]
Night after night I light a
sky lantern, praying for my parents. [Music] I pray
for my parents to
live long lives
with me. [
Music]
When my parents gave birth to me, I
thank God for giving me life.
How should I live so that my father doesn't want me to,
how should I live so that my mother is
happy? x x Like mountains, a love as
great as the borderlands. I only hope
that I grow up to be a good person, I only hope to
see my smile.
Even though my father is far away, he is always my father.
Even though my mother is far away, she always carries the burden of love.
Just one second, close your eyes.
Life, think back on your actions.
Just one second, close your eyes and forget
everything, think of your parents who are still
loving you every day. Just one second, close your eyes and
forget life, think back on your actions.  Mother,
where are you? Just for a second, think of Father, even though the
crow's feet are still
waiting for me every day.
[Music]
[Applause]
When you gave birth to me, thank
God for giving me life.
How should I live so that Father will not want me to live, so that
Mother will be happy?
[Music]
Father's love is as vast as the high clouds in the sky, as
boundless as the song MH. He only hopes
for me to grow up, to become a good person, only hopes to
see my smile.
No matter what, he will always be my parent. No matter
what,
Mother will always bear the heavy burden of pain. Just for a second, close your eyes and forget life, or reflect on your actions. Just for a second, close your eyes and forget everything, think of Father and Mother, who are still full of love.
Just for a second, close your eyes and forget
life, think of Mother and Mother.
everything, think of Father and Mother.  Still overflowing with
love, just for a second, close your eyes and forget
life, think again, our money and gold,
just for a second, close your eyes and forget
everything, go to your parents, still overflowing with
love, just for a second, close your eyes and
decide. Life, think again, where can we find
our mother? Just for a second, think of our
father, once more, trace his footprints. [
Music]
Still overflowing with love [Music]
Four translations
[Applause]
Up, up, up
[Music]
Thank you for the sweet and
emotional songs and the incredibly skillful dances
from the members of the
Ba Vang Youth Club. Once again, please
give a
big round of applause to thank you for your performance. Respectfully
addressing the Master and all the Venerable Elders, and
all the esteemed Buddhist followers,
before knowing
Buddhism, outside of Ho
Chi Minh City, we were still people who only knew how to do
evil deeds, not knowing what was good and what
was evil, and then burning
ourselves up, struggling in suffering
without knowing how to escape. We know that it is
also because of the karmic merit from many lifetimes that we have come
to this life.  We
have recently entered the Buddhist path of practice
under the guidance of our master and the Sangha,
gaining understanding and practicing the
precious teachings of the Buddha in
our Buddhist practice. Not to mention the
encouragement of our club leader, the
proverb says, "
Learning from a teacher is not as good as learning from a friend," and it is truly so.
If it weren't for
our club leader's guidance on gratitude, how
many of us—the
Buddhists of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club
practicing the Loc Hoa method—could
deeply contemplate gratitude and practice it,
as demonstrated in
today's gratitude ceremony and during the Vu Lan Festival?
Our club leader also
encourages everyone to practice according to the
teachings of our master and the Sangha through
concrete actions in the Dharma assembly, so that
Buddhists not only show gratitude to their parents and
ancestors in this life but also to their
parents and ancestors of many lifetimes. And it's not just
us who have
received her direct encouragement to
practice the master's teachings and cultivate our spiritual practice.  The
transformation and benefits are enjoyed by
many people, regardless of age or social class.
Some may only
know her through social media, but they also
receive her encouraging teachings, diligently
practicing the
master's instructions, and experiencing the transformation of karma,
benefiting from happiness and peace. Respectfully, Master
and all Venerable Monks and
Nuns, Master L always teaches us to be
grateful to everyone who has helped
us and those who have contributed to our success.
Following Master's teachings, we are
also silently grateful to the club leader for always guiding
us. Now, the organizing committee respectfully
greets
Master and all Venerable Monks and Nuns, and the entire
congregation. Please turn to the screen to
watch the feelings of some Buddhists about the encouragement of the
club leader.
[Music]
My name is Nguyen Thien Hoc My,
I am from Nha Trang. Currently,
I am a student studying abroad in England.
This year I came here to participate in the
summer course during my summer break.
My motivation for coming here is to meet the
teacher.  Thai Minh also wanted to meet Ms.
Yen because when you admire someone so
much, you want to
see them, to talk
to them, to learn more about them.
Being with him, everything around me, the
environment, is so
different, and I get stressed. Because at
work, I face discrimination, and my academic results are
n't what I hoped for, so I'm
very stressed. Being alone there,
sometimes I feel pressured, but I ca
n't share it with anyone. By
chance, my sister sent me a
clip about the situation of students
studying abroad or
foreign workers who commit
suicide, and what methods can help
them feel better.
After listening to Ms. Yen's clip, I
felt much less stressed.
After listening to Ms. Yen's clip,
I also wondered who she was
because I had never seen a lay Buddhist giving a
lecture before.  The Dharma talk was so popular, so
many people came to
listen. Afterward, I
started to learn more about Ms. Yen and found out she's the
head of a club
at Ba Vang Temple. It's so regrettable that I did
n't get to
meet her. Before, I
saw her videos, and I
thought that if I participated in the retreat,
I would get to meet her, both the teacher and the nun. But now I
know I won't get to meet
her, and I'm very disappointed. I
want to tell her that I
hope she continues to maintain her faith
in helping others.
Because there are people like me who always
believe in her
[Applause],
people who still need
her help. I feel very
fortunate that during my
most stressful time, I was able to listen to her Pure Land Dharma talk, which prevented me from
resorting to extreme measures
like
suicide or other things.  I hope she
can give a lecture someday so I can
continue listening to her Dharma
teachings. That's all I hope for, because
after all, I'm very far away from her,
and I can only see her through
those videos. So I hope
she can give a lecture someday
so I can continue
absorbing her wisdom. She is Le Thi Hong, a
Vietnamese woman from Ha Tinh,
but she has lived in Germany
for 30 years. Now she has a family,
children, and a house there.
She hasn't returned home yet, but she
has to come back here first because
her wish for many years was to one
day return to the temple to
meet the teacher. But she really didn't
expect to meet the teacher; she was incredibly lucky, but it's a
little regrettable that she didn't meet
Ms. Yen. She has known Ms. Pham Thi Yen
for about two or three
years now, and
she can always answer and resolve any questions anyone asks.  To be
honest, I feel there's nothing to find
fault with. It's so true that
back then, my aunt and uncle would occasionally make
mistakes. Sometimes I was stubborn too.
When I listen to her
lectures, I have to ask myself why. I remember to
look at her carefully, so that
she will be happy and everything will be better for her,
even the way she taught the children
before. When I was still studying Buddhism,
sometimes I would yell at my
children and they wouldn't listen. But since the day I listened to Ms. Yen's lectures and the teacher's, the children are
very obedient to their mother. I find that applying
Ms. Yen's teachings in my life is truly
beneficial. I think it's wonderful. I even
sent it to some of my
friends, and they also like listening to
Ms. Yen's lectures. This life needs
people like Ms. Yen to
help so many families who face
many difficulties in life. When I delve
deeper into
Ms. Yen's personal life, I see that
she lives
entirely for humanity, for all beings, for everyone,
not just for herself.
She cares for everyone
else, not herself. She
finds it truly precious.
She helps everyone wherever they are, even late at night. She helps people
wherever they are, overcoming any difficulties to go to their aid.
Therefore, she
feels deeply appreciated and
respected. I hope to
meet her someday.
[Music]
Yen. Dear all,
Buddhist teachings have never been far from
life, but if we do not
practice and do not have a teacher to
guide us step by step,
we cannot
apply them and benefit from them in our own lives. The
Buddha's teachings are
passed down through the scriptures,
but without a teacher's guidance,
we cannot understand them. And without our teacher's
encouragement to practice the
teachings in every situation,
we cannot be diligent.
If we do not understand and do not diligently practice, we
will not transform and will not
receive the benefits from practicing the Dharma, thus we
cannot achieve pure faith.
With the wondrous Dharma of the
Buddha, we, the Buddhist practitioners of the Golden
Chrysanthemum Club practicing the Six Harmonies,
vow that in every lifetime,
wherever we are born, we will encounter the true Dharma of the
Buddha, meet enlightened masters, and receive the
encouragement of virtuous teachers to
guide us in our practice until
the day of perfect enlightenment. Once again,
we respectfully express our gratitude to our teacher, the
venerable monks, and the encouragement of our club
leader. We ask the
congregation to give a
big round of applause to express our gratitude to our teacher and the great Sangha.
Respectfully addressing the venerable monks and the
entire congregation, there is an old saying, "It is
rare for a person to live to seventy." In the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club practicing the Six Harmonies, besides the
young members, there are also many
elderly Buddhist practitioners. Although they are advanced in age, they do
not abandon their
practice but always strive diligently and are
shining examples for our generation to
follow and learn from. Alongside them are the parents and guardians of
Buddhist practitioners, many of whom are well
past their prime.  For 70 years, she has sacrificed her whole life for her children, creating
every opportunity to raise and educate them, and
supporting them so that they can confidently pursue their
work and spiritual practice.
This is truly a precious thing,
and it is for this noble and beautiful reason that
the club has officially presented gifts to
Buddhist followers and their
parents who are currently practicing and studying
at the club and are over 70 years old.
We would like to respectfully introduce
Ms. Pham Thi Yen, Dharma name Tam Chieu Hoan Quan,
head of the Golden Cup Club for the
Six Harmonies practice, along with representatives from the
Dharma centers. We are presenting gifts to the elderly Buddhist followers
and their parents on the occasion of the
Vu Lan festival (a Buddhist festival honoring parents). In
today's program, some
Buddhist followers' parents, due to their advanced age,
cannot be present at this appreciation night. We
invite the Dharma center leaders and deputy leaders
to represent them in receiving the
gifts. Please give a big round of
applause!
Yes, please give a
big round of applause to welcome the
gifts from the Golden Cup Club for the Six Harmonies practice.  The Six
Harmony gifts are being prepared by the
reception team so that the head of the club,
along with the leaders and deputy leaders of the Dharma centers, can
present them to Buddhist followers over 70 years old
and their
elderly parents. Please give a long, loud round of
applause to share in
this spirit of gratitude and appreciation from
the Golden Chrysanthemum Club practicing Six Harmony.
[Music] [
Music] [
Applause]
[Music]
TH
And in today's program, there are
Buddhist followers whose parents, due to old age,
cannot be present at this Thanksgiving evening.
We invite the leaders and
deputy leaders of the Dharma centers to
come to the stage to receive gifts
from the club.
[Music] a [
Music]
[Music]
C d
[Music] [
Applause] [Music] h [Music] [Music
]
d
[Music]
Dear all, the Vu Lan Festival
always remembers the exemplary filial piety of
Venerable Mục Kiền Liên, who overcame many
obstacles.  The challenge is to find a way to
rescue his mother, Thanh De, from Avici Hell,
due to the many sins she committed during her
earthly life.
The image of the day
Mục Kiền Liên rescued his mother, preserved from ancient times, will be recreated on the stage of "Remembering Our Roots" with the
sweet voice of Buddhist singer
Ngọc Lan. We invite the entire audience to
enjoy the performance of Mục Kiền Liên Rescuing His Mother. [Music
]
[Music]
From ancient times to the present, few can compare to Mục Kiền Liên. His heart is filled with deep
gratitude and love,
overcoming all hardships, bearing the burden of filial piety on his shoulders,
hoping to repay the debt of gratitude for a hundred years. He
saw in the prison
where his mother, years ago, had accumulated so much
heavy karma. Mục Kiền Liên
went searching for his
mother, enduring countless trials and tribulations, but could
not find her. He struck her down, stopping at a
high place. He wept, hearing the heart-wrenching pain of his mother returning to the mortal world,
still hearing the sound of her suffering. His
heart was filled with pain, his body and mind tormented by the suffering of the underworld, the
sounds of his cries of agony, the pain of all living beings.  Oh, how incredibly compassionate the Buddha is! He gives up his alms bowl,
saying that the heart of the federation follows him on his journey. He goes to
find his
mother, and when he ascends
to the
underworld, he sees her there, day after day, enduring extreme torment.
Looking at the bowl, he gathers flowers, the fire of the city, and the Buddha's
body, he cries out in pity, begging for
his mother to return to the mortal world.
[Music]
returns to the earthly realm, still filled with horrors and countless
sufferings. His mother is suffering terribly. He bows to the majestic Buddha, begging for grace to save the world, bringing the sacred light to the place where sentient beings are deluded. The compassionate Buddha, out of pity, transmits the Dharma after the season. The ten directions are not yet enlightened, it
is the day of saving the
mother, the day of Vu, with candles, incense, offerings,
delicious food, and tasty fruits.
Snow-
colored snow, respectfully offered to the ten
directions, for the monks near and
far. That mother, now free from the deep prison, ascends to heaven, the great Vu ceremony, the miraculous Dharma sound. Remembering the lesson of yesteryear, the Buddha's words, respectfully raising the altar, ten kings, for the monks near and far,
vowing to offer all good karma to his parents.
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]  [Music]
Thank you for the very sweet and
soulful voice from Ngoc Lan. Dear
audience, Ngoc Lan is also a
participant in the 2019 summer retreat. I
ask the entire audience to give
her
a big round of applause, okay?
Dear audience, the image of a
mother has entered into song. From ancient times to
the present, in times of peace or war, a
mother and her beloved children have
always been the most beautiful image. And
in today's "Remembering Our Roots" program, we, the
organizers, invite the
entire audience to return to the
glorious years of resistance with the image of
golden rice fields, buffaloes, and a child bringing food to
mother plowing. Please
give a big round of applause to
welcome the performance of "Bringing Food to Mother Plowing" by the
late composer Han Ngoc Bich, with the
return of singer Ngoc Lan and little Dieu Ly.
[Music] The
Sun Shines Brightly, her hair flies in the wind, she
carries rice in her hands, bringing food to her mother.
Mother, oh mother, my mouth is waiting, like a bundle of B,
I remember mother, I am Trang Nga, I
dream of Mai, the fragrant flower, the fragrant girl, always
fragrant, my whole hand is fragrant with sunshine.
Today when I bring rice to mother, I go to
[music]
the road to the Vietnamese army, the American army asks at the end of the letter,
happy spring, corn and sweet potatoes,
who wants to see the figure of a plowing hand.
Mother, mother, I am happy yesterday afternoon reading father's letter,
his words of praise, I remember mother, I am watching the
moon sinking. Up to Mother,
tomorrow, when I win, Father will come home and hear mother tell
stories about me, that little Lon, when I
give rice to mother, happy to go to
[music]
the road to the Vietnamese army, I ask at the end of the letter,
happy spring, corn and sweet potatoes,
who wants to see the figure of a plowing hand.
Mother, mother, I am happy yesterday afternoon reading
father's letter, his words of praise, I remember mother, I am being diligent and obedient. Up to Mother,
tomorrow, when Father comes home, he will hear mother tell
stories about me, that little Lon, when I
get married, to make mother happy. When I come home, Father will come home and
hear mother tell
stories about me, that little Lon, when I get married, to make
mother happy.  Let's have
fun!
[Laughter]
[Music]
about the Buddhists. See how
talented our Buddhists are? Very talented! The props are also
made by the Buddhists themselves. The props for the
temple dance are all made by the hands of the
Buddhists. Please give
another round of applause to praise the merits of the
Buddhists. Yes, sir. I respectfully ask the Venerable Master that we have achieved what we have
today thanks to the
guidance and teachings of the Venerable Master and the Sangha.
Therefore, I respectfully request the Sangha
to give another big round of applause
to express our gratitude to the Venerable Master
and the Sangha.
Respectfully, Venerable Master. Respectfully, all Venerable Monks and Nuns.
Respectfully, to the entire Sangha.
Gratitude and repaying kindness is the virtue of being a good
person. Those who know how to live with
gratitude and repay kindness
will find a source of peace and happiness.
That is the life force and motivation to bring
happiness to family and society and
benefit everyone. The "
Remembering Our Roots" program, organized by the Golden Cup Club
practicing the Six Harmonies, has now
concluded. We respectfully express our gratitude.  With the presence of our
esteemed Master and all the Venerable Monks and Nuns, we respectfully
wish the Venerable Monks and Nuns
perfect enlightenment and the successful completion of their Buddhist endeavors, that they may forever be
good role models for us Buddhists to follow in our
practice. We also express our
deepest gratitude to the head of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club for
practicing the Six Harmonies, who has always accompanied and encouraged
us on our path of cultivating virtue and
learning Buddhism. We sincerely
thank all the
Buddhists and their families, wishing them peace and well-being, and may they always
live under the protection of the Three Jewels and with a
spirit of gratitude and morality. In the
organization, there may be some
shortcomings; we respectfully ask for the compassionate understanding of our Master, all the Venerable
Monks and Nuns, and the entire congregation. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni.
And to conclude the program, we would like to offer our sincere
thanks.